Fix doc: kamelet connect via direct endpoint (#1737)
apache/camel-k: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/kamelets/kamelets.adoc

----

Source and sink flows will connect to the outside route via the `direct:{{routeId}}` endpoint:

> - A source Kamelet must contain a call **to** `direct:{{routeId}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A source Kamelet must contain a call **to** `kamelet:sink`
```

> - A sink Kamelet must start **from** `direct:{{routeId}}` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A sink Kamelet must start **from** `kamelet:source` 
```
